Hands-on #1: Make sure the my_first_simulation.wbt world file is open, 
and that the simulation is paused and is at a virtual time of 0. Using the File / Save World As... menu, 
save the simulation as obstacles.wbt.

--Modifying the Floor

The default RectangleArena PROTO defines a simple floor pinned on the static environment, 
i.e. without Physics node, and surrounded by walls. 
Other pre-built floors are available in the Webots objects library. 
We will now delete the RectangleArena node and add a simple floor that we will manually 
surround with walls later in this tutorial.

Hands-on #2: To remove the RectangleArena, 
select it either in the 3D view or in the scene tree view with a left click and press the del key on your keyboard. 
Alternatively, you can right click on it in the 3D view and select Delete in the context menu 
(you can also use the context menu directly in the scene tree view). 
Select the TexturedBackgroundLight node and click on the Add button. 
In the open dialog box, and choose PROTO nodes (Webots Projects) / objects / floors / Floor (Solid).

Hands-on #3: In the scene tree view select and expand the Floor. 
Modify the size field and set it to {1, 1} to resize it to 1mx1m.

Hands-on #4: In the scene tree view, select the last node and press the Add button. 
In the dialog, open the Bases nodes section and select the Solid node. In the scene tree view, 
expand the Solid node and select its children field. Add a Shape node to it by using the Add button. 
Select the appearance field of the Shape node and use the Add button to add a PBRAppearance node.

Add a Sphere node as the geometry field of the newly created Shape node.
Expand the PBRAppearance node and change its metalness field to 0 and its roughness field to 1.
Add another Sphere node to the boundingObject field of the Solid.
Finally add a Physics node to the physics field of the Solid.
By modifying the translation field of the Solid node, place the ball in front of the robot (at {0.2, 0, 0.2} for example).
Save the simulation.
The result is depicted in this figure.

Hands-on #5: For each Sphere node defining the ball, set its radius field to 0.05 and its subdivision field to 2. 
Refer to the Reference Manual to understand what the subdivision field stands for.

Hands-on #6: Select the first Sphere node (the child of the Shape) in the scene tree view. 
The field editor of the scene tree view allows you to enter the DEF string.

Enter BALL_GEOMETRY in this field.
Select the boundingObject field (containing the second Sphere node), 
and empty it by right clicking the field in the scene tree and choosing the Delete entry in the context menu that pops up.
Then, select the boundingObject field and click on the Add button, and select the USE / BALL_GEOMETRY in the dialog box.
The result is shown in this figure.

Hands-on #7: Create a second ball with the same parameters but using the Shape node 
(rather than the Sphere node directly) for the DEF-USE mechanism.